SLA0048 Software license agreement
==================================

LICENSE AGREEMENT
=================
This software delivery contains various software that 
are subject to different license agreements. The terms 
and conditions of those license agreements are available
below, as well as in the header files and documentation 
file accompanying this delivery.

(i) FOR THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED IN SOURCE AND IN OBJECT
CODE : THE TERMS OF ST LIBERTY SW LICENSE AGREEMENT V2 
(REPRODUCED BELOW).

(ii) FOR THE SOFTWARE WHICH CONTAINS OPEN SOURCE 
SOFTWARE: THE APPLICABLE OPEN SOURCE TERMS. OPEN SOURCE 
TERMS MEANS ANY OPEN SOURCE LICENSE THAT COMPLIES WITH 
THE OPEN SOURCE DEFINITION SPECIFIED AT 
WWW.OPENSOURCE.ORG AND ANY OTHER COMPARABLE OPEN SOURCE 
LICENSE SUCH AS FOR EXAMPLE GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE 
(GPL), ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE (EPL), APACHE SOFTWARE 
LICENSE, BSD LICENSE AND MIT LICENSE. SUCH OPEN SOURCE 
SOFTWARE IS NOT SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT 
TO THE EXTENT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN 
CONFLICT WITH SUCH APPLICABLE OPEN SOURCE TERMS. EXCEPT 
FOR OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT TO, AND MAY NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES USE 
THE SOFTWARE OR ANY PARTS THEREOF TO MAKE THEM SUBJECT 
TO ANY OPEN SOURCE TERMS. THESE ACTIONS INCLUDE BUT ARE 
NOT LIMITED TO COMBINING THE SOFTWARE BY MEANS OF 
INCORPORATION OR LINKING OR OTHERWISE. 

(iii) FOR THE SOFTWARE WHICH CONTAINS THIRD PARTY 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS: THE APPLICABLE LICENSE 
TERMS FROM SUCH THIRD PARTY. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND 
AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT CONVEY A LICENSE TO 
ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND 
THAT LICENSEE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY FEES OR ROYALTIES 
PAYABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTY BASED ON SUCH THIRD PARTY'S 
INTERESTS IN THE SOFTWARE. SUCH THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS ARE NOT SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT TO THE EXTENT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE 
IN CONFLICT WITH SUCH APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. BY CLICKING ON THE 
“I ACCEPT” BUTTON BELOW OR BY INSTALLING, COPYING, 
DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE IN THIS 
DELIVERY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE VARIOUS
LICENSE AGREEMENTS APPLICABLE TO EACH SOFTWARE IN THIS 
DELIVERY AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THOSE
LICENSES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY CONDITION OF 
THOSE LICENSES, DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD, ACCESS OR USE 
THE SOFTWARE IN THIS DELIVERY. 

ST Liberty Software License Agreement V2:
=========================================

SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
==========================

By using this Licensed Software, You are agreeing to be 
bound by the terms and conditions of this License 
Agreement. Do not use the Licensed Software until You 
have read and agreed to the following terms and 
conditions. The use of the Licensed Software implies 
automatically the acceptance of the following terms and 
conditions.

DEFINITIONS
===========

Licensed Software: means the enclosed SOFTWARE/FIRMWARE,
EXAMPLES, PROJECT TEMPLATE and all the related 
documentation and design tools licensed and delivered in
the form of object and/or source code as the case maybe.
Product: means Your and Your’s end-users’ product or 
system, and all the related documentation, that includes
or incorporates the Licensed Software and provided 
further that such Licensed Software or derivative works 
of the Licensed Software execute solely and exclusively 
on microcontroller devices manufactured by or for ST.

LICENSE
=======
STMicroelectronics (“ST”) grants You a non-exclusive, 
worldwide, non-transferable (whether by assignment or 
otherwise unless expressly authorized by ST) non 
sub-licensable, revocable, royalty-free limited license 
of the Licensed Software to:

(i) make copies, prepare derivative works of the source 
code version of the Licensed Software for the sole and 
exclusive purpose of developing versions of such 
Licensed Software only for use within the Product.

(ii) make copies, prepare derivative works of the object
code versions of the Licensed Software for the sole  
purpose of designing, developing and manufacturing the 
Products.

(iii) make copies, prepare derivative works of the 
documentation part of the Licensed Software (including 
non confidential comments from source code files if 
applicable), for the sole purpose of providing 
documentation for the Product and its usage.

(iv) make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import 
and export or otherwise distribute Products also through
multiple tiers.

OWNERSHIP AND COPYRIGHT
=======================

Title to the Licensed Software, related documentation 
and all copies thereof remain with ST and/or its 
licensors. You may not remove the copyrights notices 
from the Licensed Software and to any copies of the 
Licensed Software. You agree to prevent any unauthorized
copying of the Licensed Software and related 
documentation.

RESTRICTIONS
============

Unless otherwise explicitly stated in this Agreement, 
You may not sell, assign, sublicense, lease, rent or 
otherwise distribute the Licensed Software for 
commercial purposes, in whole or in part. You 
acknowledge and agree that any use, adaptation, 
translation or transcription of the Licensed Software or
any portion or derivative thereof, for use with 
processors manufactured by or for an entity other than 
ST is a material breach of this Agreement and requires a
separate license from ST. No source code relating to 
and/or based upon Licensed Software is to be made 
available or sublicensed by You unless expressly 
permitted under the Section “License”. You acknowledge 
and agree that the protection of the source code of the 
Licensed Software warrants the imposition of reasonable 
security precautions. In the event ST demonstrates to 
You a reasonable belief that the source code of the 
Licensed Software has been used or distributed in 
violation of this Agreement, ST may, by written 
notification, request certification as to whether such 
unauthorized use or distribution has occurred. You shall
cooperate and assist ST in its determination of whether
there has been unauthorized use or distribution of the 
source code of the Licensed Software and will take 
appropriate steps to remedy any unauthorized use or 
distribution.
